---

# DO NOT EDIT!
# Automatically generated via docusaurus-plugin-doxygen by Doxygen.

slug: /pages/lists
custom_edit_url: null
keywords:
  - doxygen
  - reference
  - page
toc_max_heading_level: 4

---

<div class="doxyPage">

# Lists




Doxygen provides a number of ways to create lists of items.

<b>Using dashes</b>

By putting a number of column-aligned minus (<span class="doxyComputerOutput">-</span>) signs at the start of a line, a bullet list will automatically be generated. Instead of the minus sign also plus (<span class="doxyComputerOutput">+</span>) or asterisk (<span class="doxyComputerOutput">\*</span>) can be used.

Numbered lists can also be generated by using a minus followed by a hash (<span class="doxyComputerOutput">#</span>) or by using a number followed by a dot.

Lists with as indicator a checked or unchecked check box are possible when having a minus followed by optional spaces and followed by <span class="doxyComputerOutput">\[ \]</span> for an unchecked check box and <span class="doxyComputerOutput">\[x\]</span> or <span class="doxyComputerOutput">\[X\]</span> for a checked check box.

Nesting of lists is allowed and is based on indentation of the items.

Here is an example:


<pre><code>  /*! 
   *  A list of events:
   *    - mouse events
   *         -# mouse move event
   *         -# mouse click event\n
   *            More info about the click event.
   *         -# mouse double click event
   *    - keyboard events
   *         1. key down event
   *         2. key up event
   *    - checkbox list
   *         - [ ] unchecked
   *         - [x] checked
   *
   *  More text here.
   */
</code></pre>


The result will be:

A list of events:

<ul class="doxyList ">
<li>mouse events

<ol class="doxyList" type="1">
<li>mouse move event</li>
<li>mouse click event
<br/>
 More info about the click event.</li>
<li>mouse double click event</li>
</ol></li>
<li>keyboard events

<ol class="doxyList" type="1">
<li>key down event</li>
<li>key up event</li>
</ol></li>
<li>checkbox list

<ul class="doxyList  check">
<li class="unchecked">unchecked</li>
</ul>

<ul class="doxyList  check">
<li class="checked">checked</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>

More text here.

If you use tabs for indentation within lists, please make sure that <a href="/web-doxygen/docs/pages/config/#cfg_tab_size">TAB\_SIZE</a> in the configuration file is set to the correct tab size.

You can end a list by starting a new paragraph or by putting a dot (<span class="doxyComputerOutput">.</span>) on an empty line at the same indentation level as the list you would like to end.

Here is an example that speaks for itself:


<pre><code>/**
 * Text before the list
 * - list item 1
 *   - sub item 1
 *     - sub sub item 1
 *     - sub sub item 2
 *     . 
 *     The dot above ends the sub sub item list.
 *
 *     More text for the first sub item
 *   .
 *   The dot above ends the first sub item.
 *
 *   More text for the first list item
 *   - sub item 2
 *   - sub item 3
 * - list item 2
 * .
 * More text in the same paragraph.
 *
 * More text in a new paragraph.
 */
</code></pre>


<b>Using HTML commands</b>

If you like you can also use HTML commands inside the documentation blocks.

Here is the above example with HTML commands:


<pre><code>  /*! 
   *  A list of events:
   *  &lt;ul&gt;
   *  &lt;li&gt; mouse events
   *     &lt;ol&gt;
   *     &lt;li&gt;mouse move event
   *     &lt;li&gt;mouse click event&lt;br&gt;
   *         More info about the click event.
   *     &lt;li&gt;mouse double click event
   *     &lt;/ol&gt;
   *  &lt;li&gt; keyboard events
   *     &lt;ol&gt;     
   *     &lt;li&gt;key down event
   *     &lt;li&gt;key up event
   *     &lt;/ol&gt;
   *  &lt;/ul&gt;
   *  More text here.
   */
</code></pre>


:::info
In this case the indentation is not important.
:::


<b>Using \arg or \li</b>

For compatibility with the Qt Software's internal documentation tool qdoc and with KDoc, Doxygen has two commands that can be used to create simple unnested lists.

See <a href="/web-doxygen/docs/pages/commands/#cmdarg">\arg</a> and <a href="/web-doxygen/docs/pages/commands/#cmdli">\li</a> for more info.
 
Go to the <a href="/docs/pages/grouping/">next</a> section or return to the
 <a href="/docs/">index</a>.


<hr/>

<p class="doxyGeneratedBy">Generated via <a href="https://github.com/xpack/docusaurus-plugin-doxygen">docusaurus-plugin-doxygen</a> by <a href="https://www.doxygen.nl">Doxygen</a> 1.14.0.</p>

</div>
